1. 排序 

   First thing/Last thing. You are the last person I want to see in the world (强烈否定)

2. 委婉词 

   老人-The senior citizen 去世-pass away 已故的人 The late man 残疾人 Inconvenient people 

3. 双重否定 / 否定+比较

   It's hardly inevitable to make money by cheating.

   I couldn't agree with it more that ...s

   I couldn't stress it more that

   I know you think I don't care, but *nothing could be further from the truth*.

   The house is too expensive, if not totally unaffordable, for a new graduate to buy.

4. 对比、比较

   Protecting the nature is evetyone's responsibility, young or old, rich or poor.

   The hardware store opens from 7:00 to 20:00, rain or shine.



1. Reading will bring so many benefits, among which enlarging your outlook is only a tip of an iceberg.

2. The haze problem is worsening, yet we can still see a silver lining.

3. 否定比喻句 否，anymore than 肯定

   A collection of facts cannot be called science anymore than a pile of bricks can be called a house.

   You can never understand me, anymore than days can understand nights.

   Mere courage will not bring success, anymore than mere water can bring life.

4. 肯定比喻 肯，no less than 肯

   Reading is important to young people, no less than sunshine is important to plants.

5. 简约 

   A better tomorrow is shared by all, yet made by each.

6. 并列 and with it 相同则省

   Through reading, your outlook will be enlarged, and with it your extent of knowledge.

   If the environment is destoryed, our health will be harmed, and with it our economic development.

7. 介词的使用

   It's not the time to ask what can be done for you, but what can be done by you.

   from what I know...

   What we are doing now is far from enough/satisfying.

   we need to try, with or withour results.

   

   

   





