Most of us, however, take life for granted. We know that one day we must die, but usually we picture that day as far in the future. When we are in buoyant health, death is all but unimaginable. We seldom think of it. The days stretch out in an endless vista. So we go about our petty tasks, hardly aware of our listless attitude toward life.

The significant inscription found on an old key---“If I rest, I rust”---would be an excellent motto for those who are afflicted with the slightest bit of idleness. Even the most industrious person might adopt it with advantage to serve as a reminder that, if one allows his faculties to rest, like the iron in the unused key, they will soon show signs of rust and, ultimately, cannot do the work required of them.

We do not choose to be born. We do not choose our parents. We do not choose our historical epoch, the country of our birth, or the immediate circumstances of our upbringing. We do not, most of us, choose to die; nor do we choose the time or conditions of our death. But within all this realm of choicelessness, we do choose how we shall live: courageously or in cowardice, honorably or dishonorably, with purpose or in drift. We decide what is important and what is trivial in life. We decide that what makes us significant is either what we do or what we refuse to do. But no matter how indifferent the universe may be to our choices and decisions, these choices and decisions are ours to make. We decide. We choose. And as we decide and choose, so are our lives formed. In the end, forming our own destiny is what ambition is about.

There are numerous ethical dilemmas in their professional lives they need to address. For example, they may face the temptation to exaggerate their job history to win a job offer, or to make false claims about the products of their companies to strike a deal with clients. Taking ethically wrong options could damage their reputation or even put them in prison.

It is time to make sure that attention is paid to the education equality; that children from disadvantaged families can have the same course with others; that school in poor areas are given enough financial aid to enhance their facilities.

Just coming up with more and more novel products is not necessarily a good thing. Insisting on excellence in everything we do is time-consuming, waste energy, and leads to losing out on opportunities. Sometimes, second-rate work is more worthwhile than excellence. 'Make sure it's excellent' sounds like a good approach to business, but the 'just get-started' approach is likely to be more successful.

