## 9-4-3

Hello, Kira, How are you?

Fine thinks, Paul, How are you?

Well thinks. It' s good to see you, It must be twelve since you did our course?

That's right, It's nice to comeback and say hello.

What course did you enroll in?

Actually, I went straight into third year Pharmacy.

They credited me with two years, which probably make it more difficult for me.

On the other hand, you are lucky to be granted credits. Is that why you choose the course?

Yes, and, as I'd already finished a course in it in my country, I thought it would be easier if I studied something I already knew.

I didn't realize you want into third year. I thought you started in first year. No wonder it was so hard. 

And what do you think is one of the big differences between studying at university here and studying in your country?

Well, I've found it very difficult to write assignments, because I wasn't familiar with that aspect of the system here.

The main problem is that the lecturers expect you to be critical.

That made me feel very terrible. I thought, how can I possibly do it? How can I comment on someone else's research when they probably spent five years doing it.

I think a lot of people who come from overseas countries are probably have similar problems.

But after a while, I became easier for me.

People expects you to have problems with the process of reading and writing, but in fact, it's more a question of altering your viewpoints toward academic study.

How was the content of the lectures? Was it easy for you?

I didn't really have many problems understanding the lectures.

The content was very similar to what I'd studied before.

And what about the lecturers themselves. Are they essentially the same as lecturers in your country?

Well, actually no, here they're much easier to approach.

After every lecture, you can go and ask them something you didn't understand.

Or maybe you can make an appointment and talk to them about anything in the course

Maybe you find them different because you are a more mature student now, whereas when you were studying in your country and you were younger and not so assertive.

No, I don't think that's the difference, Most of the students here do it.

In my faculty, they all seem to make appointments-usually to talk about something in the course that is worrying them, but sometimes just about something that might really interest them, something they might want to specialize in.

The lecturers must ==set aside certain times== every week when they're available for students.

That's good to hear.

And how was your timetable? Was it a very busy year?

Oh, very very busy. They made you very hard. Apart from lectures, we had a practical session in a lot of subjects.

We did this in small groups. I have to go and work four hours every week in a community pharmacy.

Actually, I enjoyed this very much-meeting new people all the time. Then in second semester, we had to get experience in hospital dispensaries, so every second day we went to one of the big hospitals and worked there.

And on top of all that, we have our assignments, which took me a lot of time. Oh, I nearly forget, between first and second semesters, we had to work full-time for two weeks in a hospital.

That does sound a very busy year. So are you pleased now that you did it.

Do you feel some sense of achievement?

Yeah, I do feel much more confident, which I suppose is the most important thing.

And have you got any recommendations for people who are studying from overseas?

Well, I suppose they need very good English.

It would be much better if they spend more time learning English before they enter the university, because you can be in big trouble if you don't understand what people are saying and you haven't got time to translate. 

Anything else?

As I said before, the biggest problem for me was a lack of familiarity with the education system here. It sounds as if it was a real challenge.

Congratulations, Kira

Thanks Paul.

## 9-4-4

Good morning, Today I'd like to present the finding of our year 2 project on wildlife finding in gardens throughout our city. I'll start by saying something about the background to the project, then talk a little about our research techniques, and then indicate some of our interim findings.

First of all, how do we choose our topic? Well, there are four of us in the group and one day when we were discussing a possible focus, two of the group mentioned that have seen yet more sparrow-hawks, one of the Britain's most interested birds of prey- in their own city center garden and wondered why they were turning up in this gardens in great numbers.

We were all every engaged by the idea that why wild animals would choose to inhabit in a city garden. Why is it so popular with wildlife when the country itself is becoming less so?

The first thing we did was to establish what proportion  of the urban land was taken up by private gardens. We estimated that it was about one fifth, and this was endorsed by looking at large-scale usage maps in the town land survey office - 24% to be precise.

Our own informal discussion with neighbors and friends let us to believe that many garden owners had interesting experience to relate regarding wild animal sightings so we discuss survey garden owners form different areas of the city.

Just over 100 of them completed a survey once every two weeks for twelve months-ticking off species they had seen from a proforma list - and adding the name of any rare ones.

Meanwhile, we were doing our own observation in selected gardens throughout the city. We deliberately chose smaller ones because they were by far the most typical in the city.

The whole point of the project was to look at the norm not the exception. Alongside this primary research on urban gardens, we were studying a lot of books about the decline of wild animals in the countryside, and thinking of possible causes for this.

So, what did we found? Well, so much that I just won't have time to tell you about here. If you're interested in reading our more comprehensive findings, we've produce detailed graphic representation on the college website-and of course any of the group would be happy to talk to you about them. Just email us.

What we've decided to present today is information just about three species - Because we felt these gave a good indication of the processes at work in rural and urban setting as as whole...

The first species to generate a lot of interesting information was frogs. And there was a clear pattern here - they proliferate where there is suitable water.

Garden ponds are on the increase, rural ponds are disappearing, leading to massive immigration to the towns. Hedgehogs are also finding it easier to live in urban areas, this time because their predators are not finding it quite so attractive to leave their rural environment, so hedgehogs have a better survival rate in cities.

We had lots of sightings, so all in all we have no difficulties with effort to count their numbers precisely. Our final species is the finest of bird singers, the song thrushes.

on the decline in the countryside, they are experiencing a resurgence in urban gardens because these days gardeners are buying lots of different plants which means that there's an extensive range of seeds around, which was what they feed on. Another factors is the provision of nested places - which is actually better in garden than the countryside. 

Hard to believe it, but it's true. Incidentally, we discovered that a massive new survey on song thrushes is about to be launched, so you should keep an eye open for that.

Now, I'd be happy to answer any question you may have...

## 10-1-3

Hello Professor, I'm John W. I am working on for my entry for the global design competition. My tutor said you might be able to help me with it.

Ah,yes, I got a copy of your drawings. Come in and tell me about it. What's the competition is it?

Well, It's an international design competition and we have to comp up with a new design of a typical domestic kitchen appliance.

I see, and are there any special conditions? Does it have to save energy for example？

Actually that was the focus in last year's competition. This year is different.

We have to adopt an innovative approach to existing technology using it in a way that hasn't been thought of before.

I see, that's tricky. And what kitchen appliance have you chosen.

Well, I decided to choose the dishwasher.

Interesting, What may you choose that.

Well, they're an everyday kitchen appliance in most Australian houses but they're all pretty boring and almost identical to each other.

I think some people will be prepared to pay a little extra to for something that looks different.

That's a nice idea. I see you called your design 'the Rock pool', why is that?

Basically it looks like the rock pools you find on a beach. The top is made of glass so that you can look down into it.

And there's a stone at the bottom. Is that just for decoration?

Actually it does have a function. Instead of pushing a button, you turn the stone.

So It's really just a novel way of starting the dishwasher. 

That's right.

It's a really nice design, but what makes it innovative.

Well, I decided to make a dishwasher that uses carbon dioxide.

In place of water and detergent? How will you manage that?

The idea is pressurise the carbon dioxide so that it becomes a liquid. The fluid is then released into the the dishwasher where it cleans the dishes all by itself.

Sounds like a brilliant idea! Your system will totally do away with the need of the strong detergents. So what happens  once the dishes are cleaned?

Well, to allow them to dry. The liquid carbon dioxide and the waste materials all go to the area called the holding chamber.

That's where the liquid is depressurised and so it reverts to a gas. Then the oil and the grease are separated out and send to the waste system.

I sounds like you've thought it all out very thoroughly. So, so what happens to the carbon dioxide once the process is complete?Not wasted I hope.

Actually, that's where the real savings are made. The carbon dioxide is sent back to the cylinder and can be used again and again.

what a terrific idea! Do you think  it will ever be built?

Probably not. But that's OK

Well, I'm sure a lot of positive thing will come out of your design.

Now, you seem to have thought about everything so what exactly thing did you need me to help with?

Well, my design has made it to the final stage of the competition, and in a few month's time I have to give a presentation, and that's the part I was hoping you could help me with.

Right, Well, That should be easy enough. What have you managed to do so far？

Well, I've got detailed drawings to how it will work and  I've also written a 500-word paper on it.

I see. Well, If you want to stand a good chance of winning, you really need a model of the machine.

Yes, I thought I might, but I'm having a few problems.

What's the main difficulty so far ? Let me guess, is it the materials?

Yes, I want it to look professional, but everything that's top quality is also every expensive.

Look. Project like this are very important of us. They really help ==lift our profile.== So why don't you talk to the university about a grant? I can help you fill out the application forms if you like.

That would be great.

You'd better show me this paper you've written as well. For a global competition such as this you need to make sure the technical details you've given are accurate and thorough.

That would be a great help!

Is there anything else I can do？

## 10-2-3

Right, well, for our presentation shall I start with the early life of Thor Heyerdahl?

Sure. Why don't you begin with just describing the type of boy he was, especially his passion for collecting things.

That's right. He had his own little museum. And I think it's unusual for children to develop their own values and not join in their parents' hobbies.

I'm thinking of how Heyerdahl wouldn't go hunting with his dad, for example.

Yeah, he prefer to learn about nature by listening to his mother read to him. 

And quite early on he knew he wanted to become an explorer when he grow up. That came from his camping trip he went to Norway I think.

No, it was climbing that he his spent time on as a young man.

All right... After university he married a classmate and together, they decided to experience living on  a small island, to find out how harsh weather conditions shape people's lifestyles.

As part of their preparation before they left home, they learn basic survival skills like building a shelter.

I guess they needed that knowledge in order to live wild in a remote location with few inhabitants, cut off by the sea, which was what they aiming to do.

An important part of your talk should be the radical theory Heyerdahl formed from examining mysterious ancient carvings that he happened to find on the island. I think you should finish with that.

All right, Victor. So after your part I will talk about Thor Heyerdahl's adult life, continuing from the theory he had about Polynesian migration.

Up until that time of course, academics had believed that humans first migrated to the islands int Polynesian from Asia, in the west.

Yes, they thought that travel from the east was impossible, because of the huge, empty stretch of ocean that lies between the islands and the nearest inhabited land.

Yes, but Heyerdahl spend ages studying the cloud movement, ocean currents and wind patterns to find if it was actually impossible.

And another argument was that there was no tradition of large ship building in the communities lying to the east of Polynesian. But Heyerdahl knew they made lots of coastal voyages in locally build canoes. 

Yes, or sailing on rafts, as was shown by the long voyage that Heyerdahl did next.

It was an incredibly risky journey to undertake. Sometimes I wonder if he did that trip for his private reason, you know?

To show others that he could have spectacular adventures. What do you think, Olivia?

Well, I think it was more a matter of simply trying out his idea, to see if migration from the east was possible.

Yes, that's probably it. And the poor guy suffered a bit at that time. Because the war forced him to stop his work for some years

Yes, When he got started again and planned his epic voyage, Do you think it was important to him that he achieve it before anyone else did?

I haven't read anywhere that that was his motivation.

The most important factor seems to have been he  use only ancient techniques and local materials to build his raft.

Yes, I wonder how fast it went?

Well, it took them 97 days from south America to the pacific islands.

And after that Heyerdahl went to Easter island didn't him?

We should mention the purpose of that trip. I think he sailed there in a boat made out of reeds.

No, that was later on in Egypt, Olivia.

Oh, yes, that's right.

But what he wanted to do was to talk to the local people about the old stone carvings and then made one himself to learn more about the process.

I see. Well, what a great life! Even though many of his theories has been disproven, he certainly left a lasting impression on many disciplines, didn't him?

To my mind, he was the first person establish what modern academics call practical archaeology.

I mean that they try to recreate something from the past today, like he did with his raft trip.

It's unfortunate that his ideas of where Polynesians originated from have been completely discredited.

Yes, Right, well. I'd prepare a powerpoint slide at the end that acknowledges our sources.

I mainly use the life and work of Thor Heyerdahl by William Oliver.

I thought the research methods he used were very sound, although I must said I found the overall tone somewhat old-fashioned. I think they need to do a new revised edition.

Yeah, I agree. What about the subject matter - I found it really challenging.

I thought the book has lots of good points.

## 10-3-4

Today, I want to talk about self-regulatory focus theory and how the action of leaders can affect the way followers approach different situations.

Self-regulatory focus theory is a theory developed by Tori Higgins. He says that a person's focus at any given time, is to either approach pleasure or avoid pain.

These are two basic motivations that each and everyone of us has and they cause us to have different kinds of goals.

Promotion goals in different life situation emphasize achievement. Prevention goals are oriented towards the avoidance of punishment.

In a specific situation, our thoughts might focus more on promotion goals or more on prevention goals.

That theory suggests that two factors affect which goals we are focusing on.

First, there is a chronic factor. These factor is connective to a person's personality and says that each person has a basic tendency to either focus more on promotion goals or focus more on prevention goals as part of his or her personality.

Second, there is a situational factor, which means that the context we are in can make us more likely to focus on one set of the goals or the other.

For example, we are more likely to be thinking about pleasure and to have promotion goals when we are spending time with a friend.

In contrast, If we are working on an important project for our boss, we are more likely to try to avoid making mistakes and therefore have more prevention goals in our mind.

Research has shown that the goals we are focusing on at a given time affect the way we think.

For example, when focusing on promotion goals, people consider their ideal self, their aspirations and gains, they don't think about what they can lose,  so they think in a happier mode. They feel more inspired to change.

When people are focusing on prevention goals, they think about their "ought" self, what are they supposed to be? what are people expected from them?

They consider their obligations to others. As a result, they experience more anxiety and try to avoid situations where they can loose.

Now that I have talked about the two focuses and how they affect people. I want to look at the idea that the way leaders behave or their style of leading, can affect the focus that the followers adopt in a specific situation. 

In talking about leadership, we often mention transformational leaders or transactional leaders.

Transformational leaders, when interacting with their followers, focus on their development.

In their words and actions, transformational leaders highlight changes.

Their speech is passionate and conveys a definitive vision, all of these things can encourage followers to think about what could be.

In other words, they inspire a promotion focus in their followers.

In contrast, transactional leaders focus on developing clear structure that tell their followers exactly what is expected of them.

while they do explain the rewards people will get for following orders, they emphasize more how a follower will be punished or that a follower wouldn't get reward if his or her behavior doesn't change.

In short, they emphasize the consequences of making a mistake. This emphasis will clearly lead followers to focus on avoiding punishment and problems, this is clearly a prevention focus.

In conclusion, It is important to understand that one focus is not necessarily better than the other one.

For a designer who works in a field where a lot of innovation is needed, a promotion focus is probably better.

In contrast, a prevention focus which causes people to work more ==cautiously== and produce higher quality work might be very ==appropriate== for a job like a surgeon, for example.

The main point of the research, though, is that the actions of leaders can greatly influence whether people approach situation with more of a promotion focus, or more of a prevention focus.

## 10-4-2

Welcome to Manham Port, where a thousand years of history are brought to life.

All the family can enjoy a day out at Manham; visit our copper mine, see models of the machinery it used, have your photo taken in 19 century costume, experience ==at first hand== how people live at different stages throughout history, especially how children start studied, work and played. 

The port of Manham is located in beautiful and peaceful countryside,on a bend in the great River Avon, and developed here because it's the highest navigable point of the Avon- boats can go no higher up this river, and proved a handy place to load and upload cargo to and from the sea, which is over 23 miles away.

A small port was already established here when, about 900 years ago, tin was discovered nearby, though it wasn't until the Industrial Revolution, when a tremendous need for metals of all kinds developed that Manham expanded to become one of the busiest ports in the country. 

And because it was already so busy, ==prospectors== began to look for any other minerals, and by the end of the 19 century, lead,copper,manganeses and arsenic were added to cargo leaving Manham.

In the early days, the ==ores== had been ==smelted== - or processed - in the same area they were mined.

But, as demand grew, the smelting process required huge factory ==furnaces== or fires to melt the metal from the rock, and there was no enough coal in the local area so the rock containing minerals had to be shipped long distances.

Sadly, in the twentieth century the great port of Manham decline, and thousands of workers were forced to emigrate out of the area.

The building at the port fell into disrepair, and the place became almost forgotten.

But then, the Manham Trust was formed to conserve the historical values of the area.

It organized scores of volunteers to remove undergrowth to find the original outlines of the installations.

It then brought in paid professionals to match installations with maps of the original port complex and to set about reconstructing it.

Today you can see the result of this ambitions program of restoration.

The intention, and we believe this will be realized before the end of the year,is to return Manham port to the condition it reached at its peak, as the greatest copper port in the country.

Here are just a few highlights. we suggest you start with the visit to the copper mine.  

Travel on converted mining trains and journey into the depths of the mountain along seems once worked by hundreds of miners.

watch out especially for the great pumping machines which rid the mine of water.

But please be warn that, like all mines, ours is very dark and closed in and we do say that children under five and dogs should not be taken into the mine.

The next recommended visit is to the village school, while looking around the classrooms take a special look at our display of games, which is the largest in the world.

And it's recommended that you time your visit to ==coincide with== a guided tour. This will get you the opportunity to ask lots of questions.

Near the school is the beautiful old sailing ketch called 'the George' you are welcome to board the boat and look around the cabins.

Look out for the ship's wheel which was missing until only five years ago when it was ==dredged== out of the silt by the local fisherman.

We have no idea how it got there but it's been polished and proudly placed to its original place on the boat.

Please take care going down the ladders if you wish to visit the lower deck - we don't recommend  you allow young children to use them.

So we hope you have a memorable visit to Manham port and will tell your friends all about us.

## 10-4-4

Today we are going to took at an important area of science, namely nanotechnology, so what is it?

Nano means tiny, so it's science and engineering on the scale of atoms and molecules.

The idea is that by controlling and rearranging atoms, you can literally create everything.

However, as we'll see, the science of the small has some big implications affecting us in many ways. There's no doubt that nanotechnology promise so much for civilization.

However, all new technologies have their teething problems.

And with nanotechnology, society often gets the wrong idea about its capability.

Numerous science-fiction books and movies have raised people's fears about nanotechnology, with ==scenarios== such as inserting little nano-robots into your body and monitor everything you do without you realizing it, or self-replicating nano-robots that eventually take over the world.

So how do we safeguard such a potentially powerful  technology?

Some scientists recommend that nano-particles be treated as new chemicals with separate safety tests and clear labeling.

They believe that greater care should also be taken with nano-particles in laboratories and factories.

Others have called for a withdrawal of new nano products such as cosmetics and a temporary halt to many kinds of nano tech research.

But as far as I'm concerned there's need to ==plough ahead== with the discoveries and application of nanotechnology.

I really believe that most scientists would welcome a way to guard against unethical uses of such technology.

We can't go ground thinking that all innovation is bad, all advancement is bad.

As with the debate about any new technology, it is how you use it that's important. So let's look at some of its possible uses. 

Thanks to nanotechnology, there could be a major breakthrough in the filed of transportation with the production of more durable metals.

These could be virtually unbreakable, lighter and much more pliable leading to planes that are 50 times lighter than at present.

Those some improved capabilities will dramatically reduce the traveling into the space, making it more accessible to ordinary people and opening up a totally new holiday destination.

In terms of technology, the computer industry will be able to shrink computer parts down to minute sizes.

We need nanotechnology in order to create a new generation of computers that will work even faster and we will have million times more memory but we will be about the size of a sugar cube.

Nanotechnology could as revolutionize the way we generate power, the cost of solar cells will be dramatically reduce, so harnessing this energy will be far more economical than at present

But nanotechnology has much wider applications than this, and could have an enormous impact on our environment.

For instance, tiny airborne nano-robots could be programmed to actually rebuild the ozone layer, which could lessen the impact of global warming in our planet.

That's a pretty amazing thought, isn't it?

On a more local scale, this new technology could help with the clean-up of environmental disasters as nanotechnology ==would allow us to== remove oil and other containments from the water far more effectively.

And if nanotechnology progress as expected, as a sort of building block set of about 90 atoms, then you can build anything you wanted from bottom up.

In terms of production, this means that you only use what you need and so there wouldn't be any waste.

The notion that you could create anything at all has major implications for our health.

It means that we'll eventually be able to replicate anything. This will have a phenomenal effect on our society.

In time it could even lead to the eradication of famine through the introduction of the machine that produce food to feed the hungry.

But it's in the area of medicine that nanotechnology may have its biggest impact.

How we detect disease will change as tiny biosensors are developed to analyse tests in minutes rather than days.

There's even speculation nano root could be used to slow the aging process, lengthening life expectancy.

As you can see, I'm very excited by the implications that could be available to us in the next few decades. Just how long it will take, I honestly don't know.

## 11-1-3

OK, Greg, so I finally managed to read the article you mentioned - the one about the study on gender in physics.

About the study of college student done by Akira Miyake and his team?

Yeah, I was interested that the researchers were actually a mix of psychologist and physicist.

That's an unusual combination.

Yeah, I got a little confused at first, about which students the study was based on.

They weren't actually majoring in physics - they were actually majoring in what's know as the STEM disciplines.

That's science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.

Yes, but they were all doing physics courses as part of their studies.

That's correct.

So as I understood it, Miyake and co started from the fact that women are underrepresented in introductory physics course at college, and also that on average the women who do enroll on these courses perform more poorly than the man.

No one really know why this is the case.

Yeah, but what the researchers want to find out was basically what they could do about the relatively low level of the women's result.

But in order to find the solution, they need to the find out more about the nature of the problem.

Right, Now let's see if I can remember... it was that in the physics class, the female student thought the male student all assume that women weren't any good at physics, was that it?

And they thought that the men expected them to get poor result in their test.

That's what the women thought, and that made them nervous, so they did get poor results.

But, actually they are wrong. No one is making the assumption about the female students at all.

Anyway, what Miyake's team did was quiet simple - getting the students to do some writing before they went into the physics class.

What did they call it?

Values-affirmation-they had to write an essay focusing on things that were significant to them, no particular to do with the subject they were studying, but more general things like music or people who matter to them.

Right. So the idea of the doing writing is that this gets the students thinking in a positive way.

And putting these thoughts into words can relax them and help them overcome the psychological factors that lead them poor performance.

But what the researchers in the study hadn't expected was that this one activity raised women's physics grades from the C to the B range.  

A huge change. Pity it wasn't to an A, but still.

No, but it does suggest that the women were seriously underperforming beforehand in comparison with the man.

Yes, mind you, Miyake's article left out a lot of details.

Like, did the students do the writing just once or several times.

And had they been told why they are doing the writing. That might have affected the result.

You mean, if they know the researchers thought it might help them to improve, than they'd just try to fulfill that expectation?

Exactly.

## 11-2-4

We've been discussing the factors the ==architect== has to considered when designing domestic buildings.

I'm going to move on now  to consider the design of public buildings, and I'll illustrate this by referring to the new Taylor Concert Hall that's recently been completed in this city.

So, as with the domestic building, when designing a public building, an architect needs to consider the function of the building - for example, is it to be used primarily for entertainment, or for education, or for administration.

The second thing the architect needs to think about its the context of the building, this includes its physical location obviously but it also includes the social meaning of the building, how it relates to the people it's built for.

And finally for important public buildings, the architect may also be looking for a central symbolic idea on which to base the design, a sort of metaphor for the building and the way in which it is used.

let us loot at the new Taylor Concert hall in relation to these ideas.

The location chosen was a site in a run-down district that has been ignored in previous redevelopment plans.

It was occupied by a factory that had been empty for some years.

The whole area was some distance from the high-rise office blocks of the central business district and shopping center, but it was only one kilometers from the ring road.

The sited itself was bordered to the north by a canal which had once been used by boats bringing in a raw materials when the area was used for manufacturing.

The architect chosen for the project was Tom.

He found the main design challenging was the location of the site in an area that had no neighbouring buildings of any importance.

To reflect the fact that the significance of the building in this quite run-down location was as yet unknown, he decide to create a building center around the idea of a mystery - something whose meaning still has to be discovered.     

So how was this reflected in the design of the building.

Well, Harrison decide to create pedestrian access to the building and to make use of the water on the side.

As people approach the entrance, they therefore have to cross over a bridge.

He wanted to ==give people a feeling of suspense== as they see the building first from a distance, and then close-up. and the initial impression he wanted to create from the shape of the building as a whole was that of a box.

The first side that people see, the southern wall is just a high, flat wall ==uninterrupted== by any windows.

This might sound ==off-putting==, but it supports Harrison's concept of the building, that the person approaching is intrigued and wonders what will be inside.

And this flat wall also has another purpose.

At night-time projectors are switched on and it functions as a huge screen onto which image are projected.

The auditorium itself seats 1500 people.

The floor's supported by ten massive pads. These are constructed from rubber, and so are able to absorb any vibrations from outside and prevent them from affecting the auditorium.

The walls are made of several layers of honey-colored wood, all sourced from local beech trees.

In order to improve the ==acoustic properties== of the auditorium and to amplify the sound, they're no straight, they're curved.

The acoustics are also adjustable according to the size of ==orchestra== and the type of music being played.

In order to achieve this, there are nine movable ==panels== in the ceiling above the orchestra which are all individually ==motorized==, and the walls also have curtains which can be opened or closed to change the acoustic.

The reaction of the public to the new building has generally been positive.

However, the evaluation of some ==critics== has been less enthusiastic.

In spite of Harrison's effort to use local materials, they criticize the style of the design as being international rather than local, and say it doesn't reflect the features of the landscape or society for which it is built.

## 12-1-4

In public discussion of business, we take certain values for granted. Today I'm going to talk about four of them, collaboration, hard work, creativity and excellence.

Most people would say they are all good things. I am going to suggest that's an over-simple view. 

The trouble with these values its that they're theoretical concepts, removed from the reality of day-to-day business.

Pursue values by all means, but be prepared by what may happen as a result. They can actually cause damage, which is not at all the intention.

Business leaders generally try to do the right thing, but all too often the right thing ==backfires== if those leaders adopt the values without understanding and managing the side effect that arise.

The values can easily ==get in the way== of what's actually intended.

OK, so the first value I'm going to discuss is collaboration. Let me give you an example.

On a management training course I once attended, we were put into groups and had to construct a bridge across a stream, using building blocks that we were given.

The rule was that everyone in the team had to move at least one building block during the construction.

This was intended to encourage teamwork. But it was really a job best done by one person.

The other teams tried to collaborate on building the structure and ==descended into confusion== , with everyone getting in each other's way.

Our team leaders solve the challenge brilliantly.

She simply ask every one in the team to move a piece a few centimeters to comply with the rule, and then let the people in the team with aptitude for puzzles like this to built it alone.

We finished before any other team.

My point is that the task wasn't really suited to team working, so why make it one?

Teamwork can also lead to inconsistency - a common cause of poor sales.

In the case of a smartphone that a certain company launched, one director wanted to target the business market and another demanded it was aimed at consumers.

The company wanted both directors to be involved, so gave the smartphone a consumer-friendly name, but market it to companies

The result is it meet the needs of neither group. I would have been better to let one director or the other have his way, not both.

Now industriousness, or hard work.

It's easy to mock people who say they work hard: after all, a hamster running in a wheel is working hard - and getting nowhere.

Of course hard work is valuable but only when properly targeted. 

Otherwise it wastes the resources the company value most - time and energy, and that's bad for the organization.

There's a management model that groups people according to four ==criteria==: clever, hardworking, stupid, and lazy.

Here “lazy” means having a rational determination no to carry out unnecessary task.

It doesn't mean trying to avoid work all together.

Most people display two of these characteristics, and the most valuable people are those who are both clever and lazy: they possess intellectual clarity and they don't rush into making decisions.

They come up with solutions to save the time and energy spent by the stupid and hard-working group. Instead of ==throwing more man-hours at a problem==, the clever and lazy group looks for a more effective solution.

Next we come to creativity.

This often works well - creating an attention-grabbing TV commercial, for example, might lead to increased sale.

But it isn't always a good thing.

Some advertising campaigns are remembered for their creativity, without having any effect on sales.

This happened a few years ago with the launch of a chocolate bar: subsequent research showed that plenty of consumers remember the adverts, but had the no idea what was advertised.

The trouble is the creator derives pleasure from the coming up with the idea and wrongly assume that the  audience for the campaign consumers will share that feeling.

A company that brings out thousands of new products might seem more creative than a company that only has a few, but it might be too creative, and make smaller profits.

Creativity needs to be targeted to solve the problem that the company has identified.

Just coming up with more and more novel products is not necessarily a good thing.

And finally excellence.

We all know companies that claim they 'strive for excellence', but it takes a long time to achieve excellence.

In business, being the first with a product is more profitable than having the best product. 

A major study of company performance compare pioneers - that is company bring up the first version of the particular product with followers, the company that copied and improved on that product.

The study found that the pioneers ==commanded an averaging market share of 29 percent==, while the followers achieved less than half that, only 13 percent, even though their product might have been better.

Insisting on excellence in everything we do is time-consuming, waste energy, and leads to losing out on opportunities. Sometimes, second-rate work is more worthwhile than excellence. 'Make sure it's excellent' sounds like a good approach to business, but the 'just get-started' approach is likely to be more successful.