**月份**

January February March April May June July August September October November December

**星期**

Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday 

**表达反义**

hard, scarcely, rarely, seldom, barely, far from, by no means from

##### **写作常用**

- It's something that makes the issue such a knotty one. 
- tend to stick to.../be obsessed with/be fascinated by/be attracted by
- bring tangible benefits to somebody / The access to sth is beneficial to sth / sth gains benefits from bringing in .... **xx有好处...**
- A will help bridge that gap that separates the two ...: the xx and the xx, or should I say the xx and the xx. **A可以架起一座桥梁，跨越间隙，从而沟通两种事物:...**
- Theoretically,...., The real world, however, is full of frictions. **理论上xxx可行，现实是有很多阻碍的.**
- While it is true that A are nothing like as fine as B, they are still remarkably **尽管A不如B那么好，但还是...的**
- A is one of the main elements of B.  **A是B的重要部分**
- The thought-provoking phenomenon has led to an increasing awareness and understanding the... **这个引人深思的现象已经引起越来越多的关注和理解...**
- It is not uncommon for supporters of... to reject...by arguing that **重要：xx的支持者拒绝xx很正常,通过指出...**
- The more effort put in and the wider the whole XXX involvement, the more substantial the results are likely to be.  **重要：更多的努力和更多xxx的参与，结果会更好**
- One reason why...may have been to do wtih... **一个重要的原因可能是...**
- xxx,partly because...,but principally because... **一部分原因是，但主要是由于**
- **The problem of** how health-care resources should be allocated or apportioned, **so that** they are distributed in both the most just and most efficient way, **is not a new one.** **资源分配问题不是一个新问题**

三重递进 ABC: If A, B, which C

四重递进ABCD: If A, then B, which C, doing D

##### 口语常用

描述一个人

**I think he is the person who** can kill tow birds with one stone(聪明做事)/ use lateral thinking (think outside the box)/ is full of energy, **cuz he has been** running his own company **for more than 10 years**, **which has laid a solid foundation for him.** **He devotes plenty of time and energy to** thinking about something in a way that is new or efficient. In his spare time, he goes to the library to do sth, **which enables him to have a deeper understanding of his field than other people do.**

描述感受

Going from a night owl to an early bird **was a nightmare**, **beacuse I had no choice but to** hit the sack early(早睡). **So it really drove me crazy, especially** trying to hit the snooze button**, which I found really challenging.** 

**So I was pissed off because I was like, oh my god, If I could **go back in time, **I would spend more time** parcticing my cooking skills/ **if I had already** found a nice place to live **at first, that wouldn't have happened.**

描述一件事

**You know the other day, I was with** my friend in great cafe talking to each other, having drinks, and scrolling our phone. **That's when I found** this crazy news online. **And I was like,** oh my god, well that is totally crazy that is like beyond my understanding. **So I decided to find out more about ... It turns out that... So my friend and me we end up... for entire afternoon.**  

**连接句**

- Well, you see the thing is that three years ago, at that time, 

- by that I mean...
- apart from that
- Oh, by the way
- It's such a good opportunity for me to do ...
- it's not uncommon that...
- it's of great importance for sb to do
- I just can't help but to do sth
- It's a waste of time of doing sth
- I have no choice but to do sth
- It would be great if I could

#### Spare time

I really like climbing. Once or twice a month, I go to different mountains in the city. I've been interested in climbing since I was very young, maybe nine or ten, my dad got me into it, because I was weak at that time and he thought that’ll put hairs on my chest. I didn't like it at first, because it was tiring and my legs were sore all the time. But now I enjoy it, you can picture it - Looking up, you can see the immensity of the cosmos; bowing your head, you can look at the multitude of the world. 

#### Hometown

My hometown is a small city called Meizhou. It's  a little bit sleepy place, to be honest, but it's a beautiful place to live. I had live there before I went to college. It's famous for Hakka culture as it's the capital of hakkas in the world. Living in Meizhou suits me. It's a quiet place and it's small enough that you can get to know your neighbors and have a sense of community. Meizhou is nice, but sometimes I find it a bit boring. There's not much nightlife and sometimes it feels a bit cut off from the wider world. The city is almost unrecognizable compared to 20 years ago. It has expanded so much, both physically and economically, you will be amazing when you see old photos of the city; things are so different now.

#### Family

There are four people in my immediate family: my dad, my mom, my younger sister and me. My parents are both one of three children, so I have a lot of relatives in my extended family. I have don't see my family often, because I live in a different city, but I speak to them regularly and we all get together once or twice a year, which is always very noisy but lots of fun. 

#### Describe a person

My sister is tall and slim. She has long, dark blone hair. She's really beautiful with very striking features and looks a bit like a younger version of my mom. My sister can be a liitle moody sometimes. She'll be find one minuste, then suddenly she starts acting like she hates everybody. It makes she sort of diffcult to be around. We get on well most of the time, although we argue a few times, too. I don't see she often, though we talk a couple of times a month. When we meet up, we like watching films or playing cards.





