#### Spare time

I really like climbing. Once or twice a month, I go to different mountains in the city. I've been interested in climbing since I was very young, maybe nine or ten, my dad got me into it, because I was weak at that time and he thought that’ll put hairs on my chest. I didn't like it at first, because it was tiring and my legs were sore all the time. But now I enjoy it, you can picture it - Looking up, you can see the immensity of the cosmos; bowing your head, you can look at the multitude of the world. 

#### Hometown

My hometown is a small city called Meizhou. It's  a little bit sleepy place, to be honest, but it's a beautiful place to live. I had live there before I went to college. It's famous for Hakka culture as it's the capital of hakkas in the world. Living in Meizhou suits me. It's a quiet place and it's small enough that you can get to know your neighbors and have a sense of community. Meizhou is nice, but sometimes I find it a bit boring. There's not much nightlife and sometimes it feels a bit cut off from the wider world. The city is almost unrecognizable compared to 20 years ago. It has expanded so much, both physically and economically, you will be amazing when you see old photos of the city; things are so different now.

#### Family

There are four people in my immediate family: my dad, my mom, my younger sister and me. My parents are both one of three children, so I have a lot of relatives in my extended family. I have don't see my family often, because I live in a different city, but I speak to them regularly and we all get together once or twice a year, which is always very noisy but lots of fun. 

#### Describe a person

My sister is tall and slim. She has long, dark blone hair. She's really beautiful with very striking features and looks a bit like a younger version of my mom. My sister can be a liitle moody sometimes. She'll be find one minuste, then suddenly she starts acting like she hates everybody. It makes she sort of diffcult to be around. We get on well most of the time, although we argue a few times, too. I don't see she often, though we talk a couple of times a month. When we meet up, we like watching films or playing cards.