- **环境**

- Technology has been a solution to many environmental problems. For example, many new buildings today use **environmentally friendly** and **sustainable materials**, and architects also try to **make the most of nature light**, use **solar panls** to **generate electricity** for homeoweners.

- The main reason is that many cities have been industrialised, **industrial waste** has **caused water pollution.** In addition, **chemical fertilisers** have also **contaminated water** to **a large extent.**

- Most rubbish contains **toxic sustances** which can **enter our food chain** and also **harm wildlife** living near landfills.

- Many **human activities** can **cause damage to the environment.** For instance, **intensive farming** has used chemicals to **increase the productivity of farmland**, but these **toxic chemicals** can **contaminate soil.**

- I don't think it is necessary to ban **animal experiments**, because these tests can help us develop **new drugs** and **test the safety of products** such as **skincare products.** We should **conduct experiments on** lab animals to see whether new drugs **show promising results** and whether there is any **side effect**.

- **媒体**

- In order to **increase ratings** as well as **expand the readership**, some **news organisations** might **sensationalise some crimes**, and many people think crime is widespread. Also, many jornalists may choose to **cover up political scandals** due to **political pressure.**

- Many commuters can **keep up to date with what is happening throughout the world** by **checking online news**, when **traveling by underground.**

- Children will be increasingly conscious of **material possessions.** In the future, when they grow older, they're likely to become **shopaholics**. They may **buy more than they need**, and sometimes, they even **get into debt**.

- **全球化**

- Protecting **historic buildings** can **attract tourists** and **create revenues**. These buildings can become famous **cultural attractions with unique architectural styles.**

- If they **complete a degree overseas**, they can find a job easily in **multinational enterprise**. In addition, they can **immerse themselves in a foreign language.** This can help them **master another language**, which can help them **find a job** in the furture, because **in this globalised world**, you expect to **communicate with people from diverse backgrounds.**

- **Emissions from aircrafts** have become **a source of pollution**. **Grennhouse gases** have **built up in the atmosphere, trapping heat from the sun.** This has led to **extreme weather conditions**, including **unusually warm conditions** in some areas of the world.

- A language is not simply **a means of communciation**, and it is **an important part of our cultural identity**. If a language disappers, some traditions, customs and behaviours will also disapper. For example, we might not know how **festivals are celebrated** in some cultures, and the **traditional food people normally cook** for these festivals, if their language were lost. We're unlikely to **preserve traditions** and **cultural diversity.**

- **教育**

- Parents are **good role models for children**, and children tent to **copy the behaviors** of adults. In contrast, children **exposed to domestic violence** will also **behave badly** at school and **show aggression.**

- I suppose it is a good idea to **take one year off to do practical work**. You can **increase hands-on experience** and **prepare for working lives**. For example, you learn how to **process documents**, use **office software and equipment** and **work as part of a team**, etc. Without such **practical experience**, you are unlikely to **adapt to the workplace** when you **graduate from university**.

- I think most young people would consider whether the subject can **offer greater employment possibilities.** **Completing a degree** is **an investment of time and money**. They can **pursue a career** which **leads to high pay and an improved standard of living**.

- 思考角度：文化、健康、经济、社会、科技、法律、环境

- **文化**

- Watching **architectural landmarks** closely is different from watching them **on screen.** You are more likely to **apprecaite these architectural treasure**. You'll **be amazed by** the skills of **builders in ancient time**.

- A language is not simply **a means of communciation**, and it is **an important part of our cultural identity**. If a language disappers, some traditions, customs and behaviours will also disapper. For example, we might not know how **festivals are celebrated** in some cultures, and the **traditional food people normally cook** for these festivals, if their language were lost. We're unlikely to **preserve traditions** and **cultural diversity.**

- **健康**

- If they have to **work around the clock**, **a lack of sleep** will become a problem. They do not have **free time for exercise**. As a consequence, they are in poor health. For example, they may have **health problems** such as obesity. 

- They have set **a bad example**. They **lead a hectic life**, and do not **exercise regularly**. So their children do not **have the habit of doing sport from an early age.**

- **经济**

- Many people have to **work very hard and slave away** to **improve job security**. Or they have to **undergo training** to **upgrade their skills** to **meet the requirements of employers**. Otherwise, they can **lose their jobs** and **fail to get the money to cover living expenses**.

- A successful business should focus on its **competitive advatages.** You should make sure that your products can **satisfy the needs of customers** and possibly **serve a niche market**. Your products can thus **stand out from the crowd.** You should have money to **cover the running cost,** until your products **can make profits** and **the whole bussiness can make ends meet.**

- **社会**

- Charity work can **give a helping hand to needy people.** Participants will feel that if they **experience difficult times** in the furture, they're likely to **gain support from** other members of community. They'll feel **part of community.** They can also **bring people together**. This can help **promote communciation** between people involved and help them **develop a strong relationship.**

- I suppose that people play sport in order to **keep fit** and **lead a healthy life**. But sport can be **a social activity** as well. For example, people **gather together** to **play basketball, soccer and cricket.** They make new friends. After games, they may **go out for a meal** together or **simply have a coffee**.

- **科技**

- Suburan commuters have to travel a long distance to work, and some residential areas may not have bus stations or any access to public transport. If they have a private car, it can save daily commuting time.

- **法律**

- One reason why some people break the law is that they may be poorly educated. They do not realise the server consequences of breaking the law. Sometimes they violate laws simply because they think it is exciting and they don't know they have to face any punishment such as a prison sentence.

- Punctuality is **always appreciated in modern societies.** It can **have a direct impact** on your **workplace performance**. If you **go to work on time** every day, you are likely to complete your work on time. For instance, you can **handle customers' enquiries** more efficiently.  This  can **increase the level of customer satisfaction**. In contrast, lateness can **affect productivity** and put you or your company **at a disadvantage.** It can also help you **build good working relationships.** Other people will see you as a person who has **a good work ethic.** They believe that you **have a sense of responsibility.**

- **环境保护**

- Cars can **create exhaust fumes**, and it's a primary source of **air pollution**, which is **dangerous to our health**. Cities wil become **increasingly smoggy.** Many people today have **sufferd from poor health** because of **poor air quality**. This problem can be mitigated if the government **curbs private car use.**

- Many travellers **are not conscious** of their **environmental responsibilities**, so they drop litter. Many tourist destinations **are awash with rubbish**, which can **harm wildlife and natural flora.** Another problem is that some communities have **constructed more facilities** such as hotels, restaurants, holiday resorts, to **cater for the needs** of travellers. This means that **forest has been cleared** and the beautiful **landscape has been damaged.**

- **教育1-道德、品质、行为**

- School rules can help children understand what constitutes **good behaviour**, and also help them **develop positive habits**, which can benefit them when they **come of age**. Obeying rules is also a part of the requirement of **being an acceptable memeber of society** because in society, you have to obey rules and **comply with laws**. Schools usually **forbid children to use bad language and forbid cheating.** 

- **教育2-智力**

- When playing team sports or joining group activities, people can unvocer strengths and talents of other members. So whatever they embark on team project, they would try to appreciate the effort of every participant. They will learn to make decisions as a group, rather than impose their opinions on others.

- If you are talking about searching the web for information, it is a piece of cake for me. There are many powerful search engines online. I can gather information by doing research online.

- **教育3-兴趣**

- Many students don't have the skills to **study independently**. That's why teachers sometimes have to **provide instruction on a one-to-one basis**. This can help students **build confidence** and **maintain enthusiasm for studies**. Many students also lack **self-discipline**, especialy those at primary school or middle school. They need **direction from teachers,** otherwise, they may **get distracted.**

  



